[SOUND]
For
problem 3A,
we're going to change the variable.
Instead of not knowing the payment,
we have worked with our financial
adviser to come up with what we
can afford for a monthly payment.
We now want to calculate how long it
will take us to pay down the loan and
what our total savings from
the accelerated payment will be.
Our rate, the frequency, and
the loan value all remain the same.
However, let's enter negative 3,000 for
our monthly payment this time.
Remember the loan payment value
will be saved as a negative
exactly like the output from question 2A.
In C63, number of payment,
we will use the NPER() function to
calculate the total number of payments.
Let's start off by typing =nper and
looking at the syntax.
You will notice we need the other
three variables rate, payment, and
present value.
Let me quickly select those,
which generates 35 payments.
From here we can divide the number
of payments by the frequency
to calculate the amount of 2.9 years.
We can see in cell C66,
this results in savings of $3,817
when compared to the minimum interest
payments we calculated in question 2A.
Now please try it on
your own in question 3B,
which revisits the same
business from question 2B.
[MUSIC]